[doc] Reorganising contributor pages (#28933)
lowRISC/opentitan: CONTRIBUTING.md

redistributed consistent with this project or the open source license(s)
involved.

### Organisational Agreement

Under the [CLA](CLA) a Grant of Copyright License is given by the individual to the Project.
To ensure that the individual is authorised to give this grant, individuals need to be identified as
a [Partner Individual](./docs/project_governance/useraccounts.md)

> or an [Individual Collaborator](./docs/project_governance/useraccounts.md) with an appropriate agreement.

Reviewer: I think these links are broken and should instead be:

```suggestion
a [Partner Individual](./doc/project_governance/useraccounts.md)
or an [Individual Collaborator](./doc/project_governance/useraccounts.md) with an appropriate agreement.
```

And I think you can append `#partner-individuals` and `#individual-collaborators`, respectively, to directly link to the corresponding section.
